CONTRIBUTING e COCO (#326)
italia/spid-testenv2: CONTRIBUTING.md

*(As the community around this project grows, we hope to have more core
developers available to handle that kind of issues)*

Contributions
-------------

Bug reports, patches, documentation improvements and suggestions are welcome.

Please open an issue or send a `pull request` on the `dev` branch.
Please don't send `pull request` to main/master branch.

Feedback about the documentation is especially valuable — the authors of
``spid-testenv2`` feel more confident about writing code than writing docs :-)

Where to start?
---------------

If you're new to the project and want to help, a great first step would be:

* Fixing an issue in the docs (outdated setup instructions, missing information,
  unclear feature, etc.);
* Working on an existing issue (some should be marked ``BeginnerFriendly``);
* Reviewing an existing pull request;
* Or any other way you'd like to help.

Code contributions
------------------

In order to merge some code, you'll need to open a `pull request`.

There are a few rules to keep in mind regarding pull requests:

* A pull request should only solve a single issue / add a single feature;

> * If the code change is significant, please also create an issue_ for easier discussion;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the code change is significant, please also create an issue for easier discussion;
```

* We have automated testing; please make sure that the updated code passes automated checks;
* We're striving to improve the quality of the library, with higher test and docs coverage.
  If you don't know how/where to add docs or tests, we'll be very happy to point you in the right
  direction!

Questions
---------

GitHub issues aren't a good medium for handling questions. There are better
places to ask questions, for example Stack Overflow; please use the

> ``spid-testenv2`` tag to make those questions easy to find by the maintainers.

Reviewer: Maybe we can mention the Forum as well?

If you want to ask a question anyway, please make sure that:

> - it's a question about ``this project`` and not about ``SPID`` or whatever;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- it's a question about ``this project`` and not about ``SPID`` or other projects;
```
